docs: use new `nuxi module add` command in installation (#407)
nuxt-modules/strapi: docs/content/2.setup.md

## Installation

1. Add `@nuxtjs/strapi` module to your project:

```bash
npx nuxi@latest module add strapi
```

> Then, add `@nuxtjs/strapi` to the [`modules`](https://nuxt.com/docs/api/configuration/nuxt-config#modules) section of your Nuxt configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add it to the `modules` section in your `nuxt.config.ts`:
```

## Installation

> Add `@nuxtjs/strapi` dev dependency to your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add `@nuxtjs/strapi` module to your project:

```
